LOBSTER Report - no schema (#524)
bmw-software-engineering/lobster: documentation/config_files.md

# LOBSTER Configuration Files

A lobster config file (by default `lobster.yaml`) declares the tracing
policy. The syntax is fairly simple and best explained by example.
The new yaml configuration does not need an assignment to the three different 
level types requirements, implementation or activity anymore.

> It just reflect a image of the internal stucture of the dictionary containing the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It just reflects an image of the internal stucture of the dictionary containing the 
```
